# Food-Restaurant

The homepage of the Food Restaurant website has options for Home, My Profile, Order Now, View Cart, Gallery, Story, and Visit. If the customer already has an account, they may login otherwise, they can sign up for one by choosing the signup option. After login, the page will be directed to Home page. Options like Eat, Drink, and Visit are available under the Home tab. Customers may view the meal menu by clicking Eat, the drink menu by clicking Drink, and contact information by clicking Visit. Customers can view or edit their profiles as well as review the details of their previous orders under the View profile tab. In Order now tab, Customer can see the complete menu of the restaurant which contains food images with name, rupees and description. The customer can order the food by adding it to the cart using add button. Before making an order, the customer can view all of the relevant information, including quantity, individual item prices, and the total payment due. Online payment via payment gateway or cash on delivery options are available. Customers can provide feedback by rating and commenting after making a payment. Customers may view pictures of various dishes including burgers, wraps, fries, sandwiches, spaghetti, etc. on the Gallery tab. In Story tab, Customers can see history, story and list of chefs in the restaurant. In Visit tab, Customers can see contact information, time and location of the restaurant. As a result, this website enables customers to purchase meals online whenever they want and wherever they are by showing them the current food options and their prices.
